feat: add c implementation for `@stdlib/stats/base/dists/logistic/cdf` (#4386)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/logistic/cdf/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/logistic/cdf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_logistic_cdf( x, mu, s )

> Returns the cumulative distribution function (CDF) for a logistic distribution with location parameter `mu` and scale parameter `s` at a value `x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the [cumulative distribution function][cdf] (CDF) for a [logistic][logistic-distribution] distribution with parameters `mu` (location parameter) and `s` (scale parameter).
```

```c
double out = stdlib_base_dists_logistic_cdf( 2.0, 0.0, 1.0 );
// returns ~0.881
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **x**: `[in] double` value parameter.
-   **mu**: `[in] double` location parameter.
-   **s**: `[in] double` scale parameter.

```c
double stdlib_base_dists_logistic_cdf( const double x, const double mu, const double s );
```

> </section>
> <!-- /.usage -->
> <!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->
> <section class="notes">
> </section>
> <!-- /.notes -->
> <!-- C API usage examples. -->
> <section class="examples">
> ### Examples
> ```c
> #include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/logistic/cdf.h"
> #include <stdlib.h>
> #include <stdio.h>
> static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
>     double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
>     return min + ( v*(max-min) );
> }
> int main( void ) {
>     double mu;
>     double s;
>     double x;
>     double y;
>     int i;
>     for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {
>         mu = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 ) - 5.0;
>         s = random_uniform( 0.0, 20.0 );
>         x = random_uniform( 0.0, 20.0 );
>         y = stdlib_base_dists_logistic_cdf( x, mu, s );
>         printf( "x: %lf, µ: %lf, s: %lf, CDF(X;x,µ,s): %lf\n", x, mu, s, y );
>     }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/logistic/cdf.h"
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
    double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
    return min + ( v*(max-min) );
}

int main( void ) {
    double mu;
    double s;
    double x;
    double y;
    int i;

    for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {
        mu = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 );
        s = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 );
        x = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 );
        y = stdlib_base_dists_logistic_cdf( x, mu, s );
        printf( "x: %lf, µ: %lf, s: %lf, F(x;µ,s): %lf\n", x, mu, s, y );
    }
}
```
